Der ganze technische Kram (#29)
aul12/PraktischeITSicherheit-Intel-SGX: Summary/sections/2_3-SpecialProcessorFeatures.tex

\subsection{Special Processor Features}
Intel processors supporting Intel SGX have an additional processor mode as well as new instructions which are used to create, tear down and communicate with enclaves.

\subsubsection{Enclave Mode}
\label{sec:EnclaveMode}
When executing enclave code the processor is said to be in \textit{enclave mode} \cite{Costan2016IntelSE}. In order to access memory pages within the EPC, the processor has to
be in enclave mode. While in enclave mode, untrusted memory can still be accessed. Untrusted application code on the other hand runs in \textit{untrusted mode} and can only

> access untrusted memory. Using special instructions the processor modes can be switched. This behaves similarly to syscall when switching from user mode to kernel mode in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access untrusted memory. Using special instructions the processor modes can be switched. This behaves similarly to system call when switching from user mode to kernel mode in order
```
s.o.
